I'm afraid there's nothing.
Let's take a look.
Our real Cary
They all have this individually numbered seat anti-counterfeiting mark.
And there is nothing in the square card
Enough to prove that he forged the card
Oh, really?
This real card has numbers.
Yes, then this square circle is a liar.
So shameless
It's this liar.
To think of such a dirty way
Also lie to others that the car is real
Hey, how can you pretend it's okay?
People want to leave
What do you want?
Come and smear our company's reputation
Also counterfeit cards to defraud prizes
This is already a scam.
And the amount is huge
Tell me if you want public information or private information.
What public information is private?
If it is private, it will cost two money.
What about public?
Your fraud amount has reached 20 million
If I want to call the police
At least 10 years in prison
Don't say
At least we have so many couples
How dare you send me to prison?
You asked the wrong person.
I said it doesn't count
That
You say brother
Is this business?
I was just confused.
You see, we don't have a big grudge or a big grudge.
So you let me go
Let's go private
Ok, I don't want more from you either.
How much 2 million